




<image><drawings_2.png 60 30 157 69 99 67 1>






Once the egg was atop the pile,
I lit the pile afire, and the
wood and netherrack around the
egg burst into flames. After
waiting for around a short
time, I could not see any
difference with the egg. I
thought of removing the egg and
looking for another method of

hatching the egg, but I
remembered that dragons are
large beings that require a
large amount of energy. Deciding
not to be hasty, I let the egg sit
on the perpetual fire for three
days.

My decision was very successful!
The dragon's egg hatched and I
am now in possession of a young
dragon. I'll have to write
another entry some other time
to describe my experiences with
this new friend.
