After a single head receives
significant damage, it will be
severed and a bloody stump will
take its place.

<image><drawings_2.png 40 70 0 210 114 44 1>





but if the creature is not on fire
within the next few seconds, the
stump will result in two new heads
on the beast.
<image><drawings_2.png 40 160 0 255 114 48 1>






The only way to damage this snake
without it growing in power
afterwards is to make sure the
Hydra is on fire. When on fire,
the Hydra cannot regrow heads,
and every stump will eventually
burn away. It will also lose its
regenerative effects overall.

The Hydra can only truly die when
it has one head. Otherwise, the
creature will continue to survive.

When slain, one can then freely
access the spoils of less fortunate
travellers in the lair of the Hydra.
The dead hydra also has two unique
drops: its fangs and rarely, its
heart.
